G4Music has changed to Gapless (#233)
myfreeweb/awesome-gtk: README.md

- [Amberol](https://apps.gnome.org/Amberol) - Simple music player well integrated with GNOME `#rust` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita` `#gnome`.
- [Decibels](https://apps.gnome.org/Decibels) - Audio player with waveform view `#gjs` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita` `#gnome`.
- [elementary Music](https://github.com/elementary/music) - Official music player for elementary OS `#vala` `#gtk4` `#granite` `#libadwaita` `#elementary`.

> - [Gapless](https://github.com/neithern/g4music) - Light-weight music player focusing on high performance supporting ReplayGain, pipewire audio sink and MPRIS control `#vala` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Gapless](https://gitlab.gnome.org/neithern/g4music) - Light-weight music player focusing on high performance supporting ReplayGain, pipewire audio sink and MPRIS control `#vala` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
```

The GitLab instance seems to be the main one.
